Minimum/maximum angular resolution (#310)
gamer-project/gamer: doc/wiki/Runtime-Parameters:-Refinement.md

Reviewer: Add `ANGULAR_CEN_X/Y/Z` and `RADIAL_CEN_X/Y/Z`.

specified regions.
    * **Restriction:**

<a name="OPT__FLAG_ANGULAR"></a>
* #### `OPT__FLAG_ANGULAR` &ensp; (0=off, 1=on) &ensp; [0]
    * **Description:**

> Refinement criterion: Cell radian from the given centre (`ANGULAR_CEN_X`,
> `ANGULAR_CEN_Y`, `ANGULAR_CEN_Z`). Specify the refinement thresholds
> on different levels in the input file `Input__Flag_AngularResolution`
> with the [[specific format | Runtime Parameters#input__flag_]].
> An example file can be found at `example/input/Input__Flag_AngularResolution`.
>     * **Restriction:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refinement criterion: angular resolution with respect to the specified center
(`ANGULAR_CEN_X`, `ANGULAR_CEN_Y`, `ANGULAR_CEN_Z`).
Cells located at a distance greater than `AngRes_Max_R` are not allowed to exceed
the angular resolution `AngRes_Max`. Cells are refined if their angular resolution
is lower than `AngRes_Min`. Set `AngRes_Max < 0.0` or `AngRes_Min < 0.0` to
disable the respective criterian.
Specify the refinement thresholds `AngRes_Max, AngRes_Min, AngRes_Max_R`
on different levels in the input file `Input__Flag_AngularResolution`
with the [[specific format | Runtime Parameters#input__flag_]].
An example file can be found at `example/input/Input__Flag_AngularResolution`.
    * **Restriction:**
`AngRes_Max` has higher priority over `AngRes_Min`.
It is generally recommended to set `AngRes_Max < 0.5*AngRes_Min`. 
```

<a name="OPT__FLAG_RADIAL"></a>
* #### `OPT__FLAG_RADIAL` &ensp; (0=off, 1=on) &ensp; [0]
    * **Description:**

> Refinement criterion: Distance to the given centre (`RADIAL_CEN_X`,
> `RADIAL_CEN_Y`, `RADIAL_CEN_Z`). Specify the refinement thresholds
> on different levels in the input file `Input__Flag_RadialResolution`
> with the [[specific format | Runtime Parameters#input__flag_]].
> An example file can be found at `example/input/Input__Flag_RadialResolution`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refinement criterion: distance to the specified center (`RADIAL_CEN_X`,
`RADIAL_CEN_Y`, `RADIAL_CEN_Z`).
Cells are refined if they are located at a distance smaller than `Refine_Rad`.
The value of `Refine_Rad` can be specified in the input file `Input__Flag_RadialResolution`
with the [[specific format | Runtime Parameters#input__flag_]].
An example file can be found at `example/input/Input__Flag_RadialResolution`.
```
